c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\Background.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.dll
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.pdb
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.xap
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\About.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\GetFog.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\makeSure.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.g.resources
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.dll
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.pdb
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\GetFog.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\makeSure.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.g.resources
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.dll
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\Background.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.dll
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.pdb
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.xap
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.pdb
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\Background.png
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.dll
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.pdb
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\Bin\Release\DarklyPhoto.xap
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\About.g.i.cs
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\GetFog.g.i.cs
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\makeSure.g.i.cs
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.g.resources
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.dll
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\DarklyPhoto.pdb
D:\Project\VS2010\Projects\punkLee\DarklyPhoto\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
