c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Background.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Images\edit.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Images\reset.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Images\save.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\SMSOS.dll
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\SMSOS.pdb
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\SMSOS.xap
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\About.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SetEvent.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SetFriends.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SMSOS.g.resources
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SMSOS.dll
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SMSOS.pdb
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Background.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Images\edit.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Images\reset.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\Images\save.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\SMSOS.dll
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\SMSOS.pdb
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SetEvent.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SetFriends.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SMSOS.g.resources
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SMSOS.dll
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\SMSOS.pdb
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\Bin\Release\SMSOS.xap
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\punkLee\SMSOS\SMSOS\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
