c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\SecreDiary.dll
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\SecreDiary.pdb
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\SecreDiary.xap
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\SecreDiary.g.resources
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\SecreDiary.dll
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\SecreDiary.pdb
c:\users\lijianpeng\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\SecreDiary.dll
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\SecreDiary.pdb
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\SecreDiary.xap
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\Add.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\ViewEdit.g.i.cs
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\SecreDiary.g.resources
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\SecreDiary.dll
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\SecreDiary.pdb
C:\Users\LiJianpeng\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\xidianjq\SecreDiary\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
